Cold Slate Copperhead

high

# Attacker Can Trigger Lido Staking Limit To Steal Lido Eth Tranche Deposit Attempts

## Summary

When staking limit is reached, depositor loses excess prefunded WETH without getting corresponding shares or PT/YT in return.

## Vulnerability Detail

When calling `issue` through a Tranche with a Lido adapter, WETH is sent to the adapter, and `prefundedDeposit` is called, which calls `_stake`. In the `_stake` function, not all of the predeposited `WETH` is staked if it would cause the `stakingLimit` to be exceeded:

```solidity
    function _stake(uint256 stakeAmount) internal override returns (uint256) {
        uint256 stakeLimit = STETH.getCurrentStakeLimit();
        if (stakeAmount > stakeLimit) {
            // Cap stake amount
            stakeAmount = stakeLimit;
        }
```
The problem is that the WETH that isn't staked within the `_stake` function is not refunded to user. Since the user only gets shares (or PT/YT) based on the `stakedAmount`, the excess WETH is entirely lost for them. Instead, it is added to the `bufferEth` which inflates the value of the `totalAssets()` and hence the share to asset conversion rate. This benifits all pre-existing share owners.

An attacker has an incentive to cause this scenario as they can capture the lost WETH as profit using this sequence:

1. mint themselves a large amount of shares or PT/YT. This is to capture any value that comes through boosting the share-to-asset conversion ratio
2. Stake large amount of ETH in Lido to approach staking limit.
3. Victim tries to issue themselves PT/YT but they reach staking limit resulting in only partial stake.
4. The excess stake stays in adapater and is attributed to `bufferEth` which infaltes share price.
5. The attacker captures the share price inflation as profit due to step 1.

## Impact

Depositor loses excess WETH due to exceeding staking limit. Attacker is incentivised to cause this as they can profit off the victim's loss.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-napier/blob/main/napier-v1/src/adapters/lido/StEtherAdapter.sol#L67-L79

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

When `stakingAmount` is less than `assets` in `prefundedDeposit`, send the excess assets back to `msg.sender`, or the original caller of `issue` in the case where it was called via the `Tranche` contract.