Virtual Myrtle Tortoise

high

# Inaccurate Calculation of Token Amounts in `removeLiquidity` Function

## Summary
The `removeLiquidity` function in the `NapierPool` smart contract contains a vulnerability that may result in inaccurate calculations of the amounts of `underlying assets` and `Base LP tokens` withdrawn during a liquidity removal transaction and in `burn` operation.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from the discrepancy between the storage variables and the locally cached variables used in the `removeLiquidity` function. In the line `(uint256 _totalUnderlying, uint256 _totalBaseLpt) = (totalUnderlying, totalBaseLpt);`  the function captures the total underlying balance and total Base LP token balance from storage into local variables. However, when the `_burnLiquidity` function is called later in the code, it uses the original storage values of `totalUnderlying` and `totalBaseLpt` , which may have changed since they were initially captured. This may lead to inaccurate calculations of underlyingOut and baseLptOut, resulting in incorrect token withdrawals. This inconsistency can lead to unexpected behavior where the user receives more funds than they originally deposited.

## Impact
The potential impact of this vulnerability is that users may receive more funds than they deposited if other users add liquidity to the pool between the time the snapshot is taken and the liquidity is burned. This could result in a loss of funds and inconsistencies in the protocol's accounting. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-napier/blob/main/v1-pool/src/NapierPool.sol#L267C3-L288C6 

```solidity
    function removeLiquidity(address recipient)
        external
        override
        nonReentrant
        returns (uint256 underlyingOut, uint256 baseLptOut)
    {
        uint256 liquidity = balanceOf(address(this));
        (uint256 _totalUnderlying, uint256 _totalBaseLpt) = (totalUnderlying, totalBaseLpt);


        (underlyingOut, baseLptOut) = _burnLiquidity(totalUnderlying, totalBaseLpt, liquidity);
        if (underlyingOut == 0 && baseLptOut == 0) revert Errors.PoolZeroAmountsOutput();


        /// WRITE ///
        totalUnderlying = (_totalUnderlying - underlyingOut).toUint128();
        totalBaseLpt = (_totalBaseLpt - baseLptOut).toUint128();


        /// INTERACTION ///
        underlying.safeTransfer(recipient, underlyingOut);
        tricrypto.safeTransfer(recipient, baseLptOut);


        emit Burn(recipient, liquidity, underlyingOut, baseLptOut);
    }
```
## POC

1. Alice holds LP tokens for the NapierPool contract and intends to withdraw liquidity from the pool.
2. Initially, the total underlying balance (`totalUnderlying`) in the pool is 100, and the total Base LP token balance (`totalBaseLpt`) is 200.
3. Alice initiates the removal of liquidity by calling the `removeLiquidity` function.
4. At the time of Alice's function call, the values of `totalUnderlying` and `totalBaseLpt` are stored in memory variables `_totalUnderlying` and `_totalBaseLpt`, respectively. They are both 100 and 200, respectively.
5. While Alice's transaction is pending, Bob decides to add liquidity to the pool by depositing assets.
6. Bob adds 50 units of underlying assets and 100 units of Base LP tokens to the pool, increasing the total underlying balance to 150 and the total Base LP token balance to 300.
7. Before Alice's transaction is executed, the balances have been updated to 150 underlying and 300 Base LP tokens.
8. When Alice's transaction is processed, the `removeLiquidity` function incorrectly calculates the burn tokens using the updated storage values of 150 underlying and 300 Base LP tokens, instead of the original snapshot values stored in memory.
9. As a result, Alice receives Different amount of tokens then she deposited.

This scenario highlights the discrepancy between the expected behavior (using snapshot values) and the actual behavior (using updated storage values) of the `removeLiquidity` function, potentially resulting in incorrect asset distributions and fairness issues for users interacting with the contract.


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Considering the described vulnerability, it's crucial to ensure that the `removeLiquidity` function appropriately uses the cached values of `totalUnderlying` and `totalBaseLpt` throughout the process to prevent inaccuracies in token withdrawals.
```solidity
  (uint256 _totalUnderlying, uint256 _totalBaseLpt) = (totalUnderlying, totalBaseLpt);
    (underlyingOut, baseLptOut) = _burnLiquidity(_totalUnderlying, _totalBaseLpt, liquidity);

```