Virtual Myrtle Tortoise

medium

# Missing Check for Zero `Underlying` Amount in `Issue` function

## Summary
In the `Tranche.sol` contract , The `issue` function lacks a check for zero `underlying amounts`, allowing users to execute the function without transferring any tokens. Consequently, gas is consumed unnecessarily, leading to potential waste of user resources. Adding a simple check for non-zero underlying amounts can prevent this issue, ensuring transactions result in meaningful state changes and conserving gas.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `issue` function does not include a check for a zero `underlying amount` provided by the user. As a result, if a user calls the function with an underlying amount of zero, the function will execute unnecessary computation and storage operations without transferring any underlying tokens or minting target tokens.
## Impact
- Unnecessary gas consumption for executing the function without any meaningful transaction.
- Potential waste of user resources due to gas fees incurred for transactions that do not result in any significant state changes.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-napier/blob/main/napier-v1/src/Tranche.sol#L179C5-L229C1
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to add a check for a zero `underlying amount` at the beginning of the `issue` function to prevent unnecessary gas consumption and to ensure that transactions result in meaningful state changes. This can be achieved by adding the following require statement

```solidity
require(underlyingAmount > 0, "Underlying amount must be greater than zero");
```
With this check in place, transactions with a zero underlying amount will be reverted with an appropriate error message, thus preventing unnecessary gas expenditure and conserving user resources.