Noisy Coal Python

high

# Unclaimed yield is indirectly being taxed

## Summary

Unclaimed yield is automatically collected and reinvested during the minting of PT+YT, resulting in the yield being subjected to an issuance fee, whereas if the user had collected the unclaimed yield themselves, they would not have been charged a fee against their yield. The consequence of this is a loss of assets for the affected users.

## Vulnerability Detail

When users call the `issue` function to mint PY/YT, their unclaimed yield will be automatically collected and converted to PY/YT. There is no option for users to opt out of this.

Let's assume that Alice's unclaimed yield is 100 Target Tokens and the issuance fee is 5%. When she executes the `issue` function, the protocol forcefully reinvests her 100 Target Tokens; the protocol will charge an issuance fee of 5% and take away 5 Target Tokens from Alice. Thus, she effectively only left with 95 Target Tokens worth of PT/YT.

This is unfair to Alice; if she had collected the unclaimed yield via the `collect` function, she would not have been charged a fee and would have received all her 100 Target Tokens. In this case, the protocol indirectly charges a fee against the unclaimed yield of the user who executed the function.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-napier/blob/main/napier-v1/src/Tranche.sol#L218

```solidity
File: Tranche.sol
179:     function issue(
180:         address to,
181:         uint256 underlyingAmount
182:     ) external nonReentrant whenNotPaused notExpired returns (uint256 issued) {
..SNIP..
210:         // Deduct the issuance fee from the amount of target token minted + reinvested yield
211:         // Fee should be rounded up towards the protocol (against the user) so that issued principal is rounded down
212:         // Hackmd: F0
213:         // ptIssued
214:         // = (u/s + y - fee) * S
215:         // = (sharesUsed - fee) * S
216:         // where u = underlyingAmount, s = current scale, y = reinvested yield, S = maxscale
217:         uint256 sharesUsed = sharesMinted + accruedInTarget;
218:         uint256 fee = sharesUsed.mulDivUp(issuanceFeeBps, MAX_BPS);
219:         issued = (sharesUsed - fee).mulWadDown(_maxscale);
```

## Impact

Loss of assets for the affected users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-napier/blob/main/napier-v1/src/Tranche.sol#L218

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider any of the solutions to mitigate the issue:

1) Avoid charging an issuance fee against reinvested yield
2) Avoid reinvesting the user's unclaimed yield when issuing PT/TY
3) Provide the users an option to opt out of reinvesting of their yield