Wild Pewter Sloth

medium

# Restricted admin privileges

## Summary

The admins i.e Owner, Management and so on are restricted, so their actions are expected to not harm or grief the protocol and its users in anyway. Example of admin privilege that is worth mitigating against.

## Vulnerability Detail

- Restricted admin can brick withdrawal and requests by setting rebalancer address to 0 and renouncing ownership thus withdrawals requests will not be processed.

By calling the `setRebalancer` function and setting the rebalancer adderess to a 0 address, functions that should be callable, notably the `requestWithdrawal` function, by the rebalancer can no longer be called, bricking withdrawals. 
Also, as the contract imports the `BaseAdapter` contract which imports OZ's `Ownable2Step`, the owner can renounce his ownership status, permanently bricking the withdrawal process.

```solidity
    function setRebalancer(address _rebalancer) external onlyOwner {
        rebalancer = _rebalancer;
    }

```

The same can be done to lock swaps in napier pools by revoking callback receivers and renouncing ownership.

```solidity
    function revokeCallbackReceiver(address callback) external override onlyOwner {
        _authorizedCallbackReceivers[callback] = false;
        emit RevokedCallbackReceiver(callback);
    }
```
Functions that require an authorized callback receiver like the `addLiquidity`, `swapPtForUnderlying`, `swapUnderlyingForPt` will all fail and with the absence of an owner, can no longer be restored.

## Impact
Harming the protocol.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-napier/blob/6313f34110b0d12677b389f0ecb3197038211e12/napier-v1/src/adapters/BaseLSTAdapter.sol#L245-L247

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-01-napier/blob/6313f34110b0d12677b389f0ecb3197038211e12/v1-pool/src/PoolFactory.sol#L141
## Tool used
Manual Code Review

## Recommendation
- Prevent ownership renouncations by overriding the function.
- add a zero address check to the `setRebalancer` function.